docs/document.rst, before:

.. _document:

Document
=========

This project uses Sphinx_ documentation generator.
After you have set up to `develop locally`_, run the following commands to generate the HTML documentation: ::

    $ sphinx-build docs/ docs/_build/html/

If you set up your project to `develop locally with docker`_, run the following command: ::

    $ docker-compose -f local.yml run --rm django sphinx-build docs/ docs/_build/html/

Generate API documentation
----------------------------

Sphinx can automatically generate documentation from docstrings, to enable this feature, follow these steps:

1. Add Sphinx extension in ``docs/conf.py`` file, like below: ::

    extensions = [
        'sphinx.ext.autodoc',
    ]

2. Uncomment the following lines in the ``docs/conf.py`` file: ::

    # import django
    # sys.path.insert(0, os.path.abspath('..'))
    # os.environ.setdefault("DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE", "config.settings.local")
    # django.setup()

3. Run the following command: ::

    $ sphinx-apidoc -f -o ./docs/modules/ ./tpub/ migrations/*

   If you set up your project to `develop locally with docker`_, run the following command: ::

    $ docker-compose -f local.yml run --rm django sphinx-apidoc -f -o ./docs/modules ./tpub/ migrations/*

4. Regenerate HTML documentation as written above.

.. _Sphinx: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/index.html
.. _develop locally: ./developing-locally.html
.. _develop locally with docker: ./developing-locally-docker.html

Commit message:

Add sphinx defaults for cookiecutter'd project
-serve, watch + live reload for docs + code file changes
-update project makefile + make.bat
-separate _source and _build
-add packages and paths to use autodoc
-edit/add documentation with examples (both at django-cookiecutter and inside generated project)
-add formatted comments in User model for pickup by Sphinx apidoc
-serve docs from a separate docs container for docker build

docs/document.rst, after:

.. _document:

Document
=========

This project uses Sphinx_ documentation generator.

After you have set up to `develop locally`_, run the following command from the project directory to build and serve HTML documentation: ::

    $ make -C docs livehtml

If you set up your project to `develop locally with docker`_, run the following command: ::

    $ docker-compose -f local.yml up docs

Navigate to port 7000 on your host to see the documentation. This will be opened automatically at `localhost`_ for local, non-docker development.

Generate API documentation
----------------------------

Edit the docs/_source files and project application docstrings to create your documentation.

Sphinx can automatically include class and function signatures and docstrings in generated documentation. 
See the generated project documentation for more examples.

.. _localhost: http://localhost:7000/
.. _Sphinx: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/index.html
.. _develop locally: ./developing-locally.html
.. _develop locally with docker: ./developing-locally-docker.html
